Flytter v4 til signering-docs (#93)
digipost/signature-api-client-java: docs/_v4_x/1_setup.md

Javadoc is available here: [javadoc.io/doc/no.digipost.signature/signature-api-client-java](https://www.javadoc.io/doc/no.digipost.signature/signature-api-client-java/4.0)

# The documentation for sending is moved
 

>  The documentation for v4 sending is moved to [signering docs](https://signering-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html). All older versions can still be browsed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This version of the documentation has moved to [signering docs](https://signering-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html). Older versions can still be browsed here.
```
